BZ-2138002 (#53286)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/migration-understanding-data-copy-methods.adoc

* Optional data verification significantly reduces performance.
|===

====

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: Move this to above the `====` lines

Author: Done

> Our Restic and Rynsc PV migration assumes that the PVs supported are only volumeMode=filesystem. We *do not* support volumeMode=Block for filesystem migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Restic and Rsync PV migration assumes that the PVs supported are only volumeMode=filesystem. We *do not* support volumeMode=Block for filesystem migration.
```

Author: I corrected the typo. Thanks for noticing it.

> Our Restic and Rsync PV migration assumes that the PVs supported are only volumeMode=filesystem. We *do not* support volumeMode=Block for filesystem migration.

Reviewer: We usually avoid trying to say "our" or "we", can this be reworded? Also, here are a few suggested updates if you agree they are appropriate.

NOTE: Don't push the "Commit suggestion" button you'll see below this :)

```suggestion
The Restic and Rsync PV migration assumes that the PVs supported are only `volumeMode=filesystem`. Using `volumeMode=Block` for file system migration is _not_ supported.
```
